60 minutes
overtime to minutes well thank you very
much 60 Minutes is happy to be here this
week on 60 Minutes we're going to look
into the amazing world of artificial
intelligence we are being shown
astounding new
technologies you're looking at one of
them right now that's not actually a
picture of me that is a computer
computer representation of me in three
dimensions it's a new kind of technology
that will allow people to feel like
they're in the same room together what
is the point of all this but I hope it
makes it feel like you and I are
completely together no matter where we
are in the world Andrew narker showed us
a prototype of project Starline an AI
video conferencing experience Google is
developing it's not a picture of you
it's essentially you I'm now on the
other side of the building but this
Magic Window makes it feel like we're
exactly together again the sense that I
have sitting here is that I could just
reach right out and take that out of
your hand Google allowed us inside its
artificial intelligence laboratory hey
Scott welcome to Google and we also had
a rare interview with Google's CEO
Sundar pachai what do you compare AI to
in the course of human civilization
you know I've always thought of AI as
the most profound technology humanity is
working on more profound than fire or
electricity or anything that we have
done in the past why
so it gets at the essence of what
intelligence is uh what humanity is you
know we are developing technology which
for sure one day will be far more
capable uh than anything we've ever seen
before for me the most amazing thing
that I saw at Google was their barred
chatbot we played with a famous six-word
short story often attributed to
Hemingway for sale baby shoes never worn
wow the only prompt we gave was finish
this
story in 5 seconds holy cow the shoes
were a gift from my wife but we never
had a baby they were I had a little bit
of an emotional reaction when I was
working with Bard because I had the
sense that I was meeting an
intelligence that I had never conceived
of and an intelligence that I was sure
that I would never
understand I can totally understand what
you're talking about and I don't want to
read too much into it today where the
state of-the-art technology is we are
humans interacting with something which
in some ways is mirroring Humanity back
in certain ways what are the downsides I
mean the downsides at some point does
Humanity lose control of the technology
it's developing control when it comes to
disinformation and generating fake
images we saw the potential with
Google's AI that creates pictures out of
words this is text in pictures exactly
Eli Collins is a vice president presid
at Google you can generate a picture of
pretty much most things you imagine I
don't I'm happy to put in a prompt if if
you've got something uh let's try pink
taxi cabs on Fifth Avenue all right pink
taxi cabs instantly we saw a shade
unknown on New York cabs next Collins
gave us a first look at an AI system
Google has not released yet experimental
text to video which instantly answered
our prompt Golden Retriever with wings
oh look at that as with Bard this has
safety filters for example it doesn't
create images of people every Google
executive we talk to said that there is
a pressing need for government to
regulate this new frontier of artificial
intelligence because it has the power to
change just about all of our Lives to be
clear this is going to be a cat and
mouse game right people are going to use
AI to be more sophisticated no different
from how we have tackled spam and Gmail
and we are constantly developing better
algorithms to detect that they are spam
we would need to do the same with deep
fakes audio and video but over time look
there has to be regulation you're going
to need laws against that there have to
be consequences for creating deep fake
videos which cause harm to society I
don't usually hear CEOs of major
corporations ask for government
regulation anybody who has worked with
AI for a while you know you realize this
is something uh so different and so deep
that you know we would need uh societal
regulations to think about how to adapt
the question of our age going forward is
going to be whether these machine
Learning Systems
replace human capabilities replace human
creativity we are only just now getting
a sense of what they're capable of and
so these are places where Society needs
to get together and have a conversation
what do we need these intelligent
machines to do for us what do we prefer
to do for ourselves and where do we
place value